[Merged by Bors] - Implement `Hidden classes` (#2723)
boa-dev/boa: docs/shapes.md

```

Let's define a getter and setter `y`

```js
// What the getter/setter are not important!
Object.defineProperty(obj, "y", {
  enumerable: true,
  configurable: true,
  get: function () {
    return this.x;
  },
  set: function (value) {
    this.x = value;
  },
});
```

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Root(S0: Root Shape\n\nPrototype: None) --->| Property Count: 0 | PropertyTable[PropertyTable\n\nx: Slot 0, writable, configurable, enumerable\ny: Slot 1, has_get, has_set, configurable, enumerable]

    ObjectPrototype(S1: Prototype Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) -->| Property Count: 0 |PropertyTable
    ObjectPrototype -->|Previous| Root

    InsertX(S2: Insert Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) --> | Property Count: 1 | PropertyTable
    InsertX -->|Previous| ObjectPrototype

    InsertY(S3: Insert Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) --> | Property Count: 2 | PropertyTable
    InsertY -->|Previous| InsertX

    O(Object o\n\nElement 0: JsValue: 100\nElement 1: JsValue: func\nElement 2: JsValue: func) --> InsertY
```

We can see that the property has been added into the property table, it has the `has_get` and `has_set` flags set,

> in the object there are two elements added, the first is the `get` function and the second is the `set` function.

Reviewer: Do we want to be careful about using _elements_ for this?
In JSC and V8 elements has the meaning of numeric slots, mainly for arrays, I think in this description we're giving the meaning to any property added? In this case get and set functions. 

Was this inspired from somewhere?

Author: I meant it as an element in the storage `vec` in the object itself. Shapes only deal with string and symbol keys, for indexed we have a separate data type ( #2167 ). I can explicitly say `in the storage array in the object` if that is clearer?

When we do a lookup the on property table, if the index of the property is greater than the property count (`1`),
than it does not belong to the shape.

Now, Let's create a new object `o2`, with property `x`:

```js
let o2 = { x: 200 };
```

After this `o2` would have the `S2` shape.

How does the shape know that it can reuse `S1` then to go to `S2`? This is not the real structure!
Every shape has pointers to forward transitions that happened, these are weak pointers so we don't keep
alive unused shapes. The pointers have been omitted, so the diagrams are clearer (too many arrows).

Ok, now let us define a property `z` instead of `y`:

```js
o2.z = 300;
```

The following changes accure to the shape tree:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Root(S0: Root Shape\n\nPrototype: None) --->| Property Count: 0 | PropertyTable[PropertyTable\n\nx: Slot 0, writable, configurable, enumerable\ny: Slot 1, has_get, has_set, configurable, enumerable]

    ObjectPrototype(S1: Prototype Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) -->| Property Count: 0 |PropertyTable
    ObjectPrototype -->|Previous| Root

>     InsertX(S2: Insert Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) --> | Property Count: 1 | PropertyTable

Reviewer: <img width="470" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/936006/228367294-5f6dc50e-79db-4f48-8d6f-03843a2a0b96.png">

It may be worth showing which property was added, as currently Shape 2 and Shape 3 look the same, apart from the "property add" on the line. It doesn't seem obvious what was added.

Maybe you could put in the box ("added x", "added y") or something

Now `o2` has `S4` shape. We can also see that `PropertyTable` has been forked, because we can no longer add a property add position `1`.

What would happen if we wanted to delete a property `x` from object `o`:

```js
delete o.x;
```

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Root(S0: Root Shape\n\nPrototype: None) --->| Property Count: 0 | PropertyTable[PropertyTable\n\nx: Slot 0, writable, configurable, enumerable\ny: Slot 1, has_get, has_set, configurable, enumerable]

    ObjectPrototype(S1: Prototype Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) -->| Property Count: 0 |PropertyTable
    ObjectPrototype -->|Previous| Root

    InsertX(S2: Insert Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) --> | Property Count: 1 | PropertyTable
    InsertX -->|Previous| ObjectPrototype

    InsertY(S3: Insert Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) --> | Property Count: 2 | PropertyTable
    InsertY -->|Previous| InsertX

    InsertYNew(S3: Insert Shape\n\nPrototype: Object.prototype) --> | Property Count: 1 |PropertyTableNew[PropertyTable\n\ny: Slot 0, has_get, has_set, configurable, enumerable]
    InsertYNew -->|Previous| InsertX

    O(Object o\n\nElement 0: JsValue: func\nElement 1: JsValue: func) --> InsertYNew
```

> **NOTE:**: `o2` has been omitted and the it's shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:**: `o2` has been omitted and then it's shape.
```

When a deletion happens, we find the node in the chain where we added the property, and get it's parent (`base`),
we also remember that what transitions happened after the property insertion, then we apply them

> one by one until we construct the chain and return the last shape in that chain.

Reviewer: I think this last one needs some tweaking, o2 has been omitted but its shape is still there, so it looks like a dangling shape with nothing referencing it.

What would happen if we wanted to delete a property `x` from object `o`:

```js
delete o.x;
```

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    classDef New style id2 fill:#bbf,stroke:#f66,stroke-width:2px,color:#fff,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
    style Root stroke:#000,stroke-width:5px
    style PropertyTable fill:#071E22
    style PropertyTableFork fill:#071E22

    Root(<b>S0: Root Shape</b>\n<b>Prototype:</b> <i>None</i>) -->| Property Count: 0 | PropertyTable(<b>PropertyTable</b>\nx: Slot 0, writable, configurable, enumerable\ny: Slot 1, has_get, has_set, configurable, enumerable)

    ObjectPrototype(<b>S1: Prototype Shape\nPrototype:</b> <i>Object.prototype</i>) -->| Property Count: 0 |PropertyTable
    ObjectPrototype -->|Previous| Root

    PropertyTableFork(<b>PropertyTable</b>\ny: Slot 0, has_get, has_set, configurable, enumerable)
    InsertYNew(<b>S3: Insert Shape\nProperty:</b> <i>y</i>) --> | Property Count: 1 |PropertyTableFork:::New
    InsertYNew:::New -->|Previous| ObjectPrototype

    O(<b>Object o</b>\n<b>Element 0:</b> JsValue: func\n<b>Element 1:</b> JsValue: func) --> InsertYNew
    O:::New
```

> **NOTE:**: `o2` has been omitted and it's shape.

Reviewer 2: A bit better wording:

```suggestion
**NOTE:**: `o2` and its shape have been omitted from the diagram.
```
